✨ NEW: Add RTD site (#33)
aiidateam/AEP: 000_aep_guidelines/readme.md

   and put readme file in [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) format inside this folder.
     * You may use this `readme.md` as a template.
     * You may use the folder to include additional files relevant to your enhancement proposal.

>      * Add your AEP to the `README.md` at the top level of the repository, and in to `_toc.yml`.

Author: is that ok?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Add your AEP to the `README.md` and `_toc.yml` files at the root of the repository.
```
